How does the program works and what are the major functions?

Given a query (a set of keywords) and a number n provided by the user, the crawler will contact Google, get the top-10
results for this query from Google, and then crawl starting from these top-10 results in a Breadth-First manner until
we have collected a total of n pages. Each page will be visited only once and stored in a file in the directory called
"pages". The program will output a list of all visited URLs, in the order they are visited, into a file called
"visited". In each line, in addition to the URL of the crawled page, we also print the time when it was crawled, its
size, and the return code (e.g., 200, 404). The program will also compute the total number and total size (in MB) of the
pages that were downloaded, and the depth of each page, i.e., its minimum distance from one of the 10 start pages, total
time, and number of 404 errors. (As start pages, we use the actual result URLs returned by Google.)

A list of special features beyond the basic requirements:

1. The program uses mutithreading technique to improve the overall performance of the web crawler.
   In the worst case, the speed is .8 seconds per page.

2. The program parses "base" elements.
   It will get the base URL and use it for all relative URLs contained within a document.
   It solves the issues of "the ambiguity of URLs".

3. The program sends customized request headers to servers.
   The Accept request-header field can be used to specify certain media types which are acceptable for the response.
   Accept headers can be used to indicate that the request is specifically limited to a small set of desired types.
   Only html and xhtml are acceptable for the response, in our case.
   If the server cannot send a response which is acceptable according to the combined Accept field value, then the
   server SHOULD send a 406 (not acceptable) response.

4. The program is able to detect duplicate contents. Rather than save whole contents in memory, we prefer Sim-hash and hanging distance techniques. There are about 10% duplicate contents found in average.

6. In practice, there are two problems of performance. First, some pages have tons of out-link. For this case, we do not
   allow redundantly pushing url into queue. Second, some servers have long time delay. For this case, we are planning 
   set up a run-time which help jump out slow pages.

7. We write CheckUrl, CheckContents and CheckSite functions independently. This is good for extend for future work. Two hash tables
   are maintained in these two functions store visited url information and visited site information, including 
   arrival time, how many times, robot protocol, e.g.

8. We are using GitHub for version control. We also build up a web page and a wiki page for this project. See
   http://charnugagoo.github.com/WebCrawler/